W-18144963-logs-pilot-duke (#391)
mulesoft/docs-monitoring: modules/ROOT/pages/logs-jp-ca.adoc

TODO: IMAGE HERE

== Search for Logs

. Select a time and date range, from the last 15 minutes to the last 30 days.
+
Custom selections are available for up to the last 30 days of logs and for selected time ranges. 
. Select an environment.
. Provide a <<ref-query, log query>>.
. Review the search results.
+
You can expand the message to get message details.
+
If no data returns, try a different date-time range, query, or environment. 

== View the Latest Data

To review the latest log data, click the Refresh button. 

== Environments

When displaying logs, select the environment that contains the logs you intend to review.

Built-in xref:access-management::environments#types-of-environments.adoc[environments] are:

* *Environment: Design*
* *Environment: Production*
* *Environment: Sandbox*

Any other environments that your organization xref:access-management::environments.adoc#to-create-a-new-environment[creates] are also available.

[[ref-query]]
== Log Query Reference

Use filters to narrow the results of your search for logs. The filters match values of fields in the logs:

> * `application` accepts an *=* operator followed by an application name.

Author: ```suggestion
* `application` accepts an *=* operator followed by an application name. The name must be an exact match.
```

> = Using Logs in Anypoint Monitoring (Canada and Japan)

Author: @sathishpaulleo Hi, this is the only page I'm asking you to review.

:page-notice-banner-message: <b>Pilot release</b>: This feature is for a Pilot release in Canada and Japan Cloud instances of Anypoint Platform. 

//feature tier:
include::partial$subsection-pills.adoc[tag="anypoint-cloud-support-advanced-only"]

> In the https://ca1.platform.mulesoft.com/monitoring[Canada] and  https://jp1.platform.mulesoft.com/monitoring[Japan] Clouds, search for up to 30 days of logs across apps deployed to one of your organization's environments.

Author: ```suggestion
In the https://ca1.platform.mulesoft.com/monitoring[Canada] and https://jp1.platform.mulesoft.com/monitoring[Japan] Clouds, search for up to 30 days of logs across apps deployed to one of your organization's environments.
```

[[logs-overview]]
//don't change order of numbers in graphic or calloutlist
image::logs-hyperforce.png["Logs UI"]

[calloutlist]
. Logs in Anypoint Monitoring
. <<environments, Environment selector>> for your deployments (such as Sandbox or Production)
. <<ref-query, Filters>> to narrow the list of logs that return
. Matching log entry, which includes a date-time stamp, log level, and message

> . Expanded log message data and any available data from other log fields 

Author: ```suggestion
. Expanded log message data and data available from other log fields 
```

. Selector for the date and time range to capture
. <<refresh, Refresh>> button

== Search for Logs

. Select a date-time range (defaults to the last 15 minutes).
+
Built-in and custom selections are available for up to the last 30 days of logs for selected time ranges. 
. Select an environment.

> . Provide a <<ref-query, log query>>.

Author: ```suggestion
. To narrow the search results, provide a <<ref-query, log query>>.
```

. Review the search results.
+
You can expand the message to get message details.
+
If no data returns, try a different date-time range, query, or environment. Also review the <<search-query-rules, search query behavior>>.

[[refresh]]

> == View the Latest Data

Author: ```suggestion
== View the Latest Logs
```

> To review the latest log data, click the Refresh button. After a log search displays results, no new log data appears until you refresh the page. 

Author: ```suggestion
To review the latest log data, click the Refresh button. After the *Log* page displays results, no new log data appears until you refresh the page. 
```

> To review the latest log data, click the Refresh button. After a log search displays results, no new log data appears until you refresh the page. 

Author: ```suggestion
To review the latest log data, click *Refresh*. After a query executes and produces log data, no new log data appears until you perform a new query, refresh, or reload the page. 
```

> To review the latest log data, click *Refresh*. After a query executes and produces log data, no new log data appears until you perform a new query, refresh, or reload the page. 

Author: ```suggestion
After a query executes and produces log data (or no results), no new log data appears until you perform a new query, refresh, or reload the page. 

To retrieve the latest log data, click *Refresh*. 
```

[[environments]]
== Environments

> When displaying logs, select the environment that contains the logs you intend to review.

Author: ```suggestion
When displaying logs, select the environment containing the logs you intend to review.
```

Built-in xref:access-management::environments#types-of-environments.adoc[environments] are:

* *Environment: Design*
* *Environment: Production*
* *Environment: Sandbox*

Any other environments that your organization xref:access-management::environments.adoc#to-create-a-new-environment[creates] are also available.

[[ref-query]]
== Log Query Reference

Use filters to narrow the results of your search for logs. The filters match values of fields in the logs:

* `application` accepts an *=* operator followed by an application name. 
* `log_level` accepts an *=* operator followed by a value of *DEBUG*, *INFO*, *WARN*, *ERROR*, or *FATAL*. 
* `message` accepts a *LIKE* operator for partial or exact matches in log `message` fields. 

[[search-query-rules]]
Search query behavior:

* Each filter allows a single value. 
* You can use any or all of the available filters in your query.
+
Multiple filters in a query are processed as logical ANDs (and not as ORs), meaning that searches return data matching all the filter criteria, not just some of it. 
* Multiple filters of the same type, such as two `application` filters, aren't allowed. 

> * For single-word search strings, you do not need to add quotation marks around search the string. For multi-word strings, manually surround the string in quotes. 

Author: ```suggestion
* For single-word search string values, you do not need to add quotation marks around search the string. For multi-word strings, manually surround the string in quotes. 
```

> * Some message searches must provide an exact match. For example, a match to `some` in a package name lke `com.some.package.name` isn't supported. 

Author: ```suggestion
* Some message searches must provide an exact match. For example, a match to `package` in a package name like `com.some.package.name` isn't supported. 
```

= Using Logs in Anypoint Monitoring (Canada and Japan)

> :page-notice-banner-message: <b>Pilot release</b>: This feature is for a Pilot release in Canada and Japan Cloud instances of Anypoint Platform. 

Author: ```suggestion
:page-notice-banner-message: <b>Pilot release</b>: This feature is for a Pilot release in Canada and Japan Cloud instances of Anypoint Platform. 
```
Remove?

//feature tier:
include::partial$subsection-pills.adoc[tag="anypoint-cloud-support-advanced-only"]

In the https://ca1.platform.mulesoft.com/monitoring[Canada] and https://jp1.platform.mulesoft.com/monitoring[Japan] Clouds, search for up to 30 days of logs across apps deployed to one of your organization's environments.

[[logs-overview]]
//don't change order of numbers in graphic or calloutlist
image::logs-hyperforce.png["Logs UI"]

[calloutlist]
. Logs in Anypoint Monitoring
. <<environments, Environment selector>> for your deployments (such as Sandbox or Production)
. <<ref-query, Filters>> to narrow the list of logs that return
. Matching log entry, which includes a date-time stamp, log level, and message
. Expanded log message data and data available from other log fields 
. Selector for the date and time range to capture
. <<refresh, Refresh>> button

== Search for Logs

. Select a date-time range (defaults to the last 15 minutes).
+
Built-in and custom selections are available for up to the last 30 days of logs for selected time ranges. 
. Select an environment.
. To narrow the search results, provide a <<ref-query, log query>>.
. Review the search results.
+

> You can expand the message to get message details.

Author: ```suggestion
You can expand a log entry to get additional details.
```

+

> If no data returns, try a different date-time range, query, or environment. Also review the <<search-query-rules, search query behavior>>.

Author: ```suggestion
If no logs return, try a different date-time range, query, or environment. Also review the <<search-query-rules, search query behavior>>.
```

[[refresh]]
== View the Latest Logs

> After a query executes and produces log data (or no results), no new log data appears until you perform a new query, refresh, or reload the page. 

Author: ```suggestion
After a search query executes and produces log data (or no results), no new log data appears until you perform a new query, refresh, or reload the page. 
```

To retrieve the latest log data, click *Refresh*. 

[[environments]]
== Environments

> When displaying logs, select the environment containing the logs you intend to review.

Author: ```suggestion
When displaying logs, select the environment containing the applications you intend to review.
```

> Your organization adminstrator xref:access-management::environments.adoc#to-create-a-new-environment[creates] the environments that are available to you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your organization administrator xref:access-management::environments.adoc#to-create-a-new-environment[creates] the environments that are available to you.
```

> [[environments]]
> == Environments
> 
> When displaying logs, select the environment containing the applications you intend to review.
> 
> Built-in xref:access-management::environments#types-of-environments.adoc[environments] are:
> 
> * *Environment: Design*
> * *Environment: Production*
> * *Environment: Sandbox*
> 
> Any other environments that your organization xref:access-management::environments.adoc#to-create-a-new-environment[creates] are also available.

Author: ```suggestion
[[environments]]
== Environments

When displaying logs, select the environment containing the applications you intend to review.

Your organization adminstrator xref:access-management::environments.adoc#to-create-a-new-environment[creates] the environments that are available to you.

Anypoint Platform supports these types of xref:access-management::environments#types-of-environments.adoc[environments]:

* *Design*
* *Production*
* *Sandbox*
```

[[ref-query]]
== Log Query Reference

Use filters to narrow the results of your search for logs. The filters match values of fields in the logs:

* `application` accepts an *=* operator followed by an application name. 
* `log_level` accepts an *=* operator followed by a value of *DEBUG*, *INFO*, *WARN*, *ERROR*, or *FATAL*. 

> * `message` accepts a *LIKE* operator for partial or exact matches in log `message` fields. 

Author: ```suggestion
* `message` accepts a *LIKE* operator for partial matches in log `message` fields. 
```

[[search-query-rules]]
Search query behavior:

* You can use any or all of the available filters in your query.
+
Multiple filters in a query are processed as logical ANDs (and not as ORs), meaning that searches return data matching all the filter criteria, not just some of it. 
* Multiple filters of the same type, such as two `application` filters, aren't allowed. 
* Each filter allows a single value. 

> * For single-word search string values, you do not need to add quotation marks around search the string. For multi-word strings, manually surround the string in quotes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For single-word search string values, you do not need to add quotation marks around the string. For multi-word strings, manually surround the string in quotes. 
```

> * Some message searches must provide an exact match. For example, a match to `package` in a package name like `com.some.package.name` isn't supported. 

Author: ```suggestion
```
Removing for now but need to address issue of they way tokenization affects partial matches. Parts of period-separated package names and "partial" matches to terms like "mule" vs. "mule4" aren't handled the same way.
